the girag and experience the karate
alright we got to do the karate guy
story the street karate guy what
happened this is a funny story okay
we're at the at the kim bo has to fight
and before the fight we go to a temple
party those people are there and then
these guys these tough guys that there
one was I think selling jewelry or
something and he was with a bunch of
guys and and from the guys I think he
was the toughest guy so we're talking
and of course you know he didn't know
who I was so that was the best thing and
the people are talking about fighting
and suddenly he comes to fourth and he
goes yeah I used to do a karate he says
but not normal Claudius to do Street
karate I go wow Street karate was or
what is that he said well I can tell you
one thing that my routine has saved me
like six seven times and I go your
routine yeah I go okay you you got to
show me that routine you know because I
would I would love to learn so the guy
comes to me and I actually put this in
the movie here comes the boom you know
that was a true story I and I was long
story
yeah so the guy comes to me he says
first of all I would stand there and
then out of the blue I will go so any no
no it goes first with this elbow he goes
to me he does it to me disclose right
boo-boo uh and then he goes oh and he
was shaking in front of my face he's
serious he's serious he's this close to
my face why shaking like this close and
my friends everybody is already like
almost dying laughing right and then he
says and then a moment he's perplexed
but I go I go to the neck and then he
ought they always do this she said ah it
says they grabbed him and now he kept
eye contact with me right and he grabs
she says I got an DK so he threw knees
the body through a ground just like
contact with me and you stop shit okay
sure I look at him I go now
you never did that don't bullshit I say
you practice this in the mirror and it
looks really cool
you never business you know his friends
were like they were waiting for my
reaction because they were in awe
you know this this guy was huh it was
his glory and then when at the moment I
said total bullshit I started talking
and another guy came and say you know he
is he was actually professional fighter
so the whole group left but the fact the
the face the facial expression from all
those guys - all dressed the same like
this cocky switch shirts over the top
all jewelry everywhere you know the
those guys exactly expects the street
karate guy his routine saved his life
seven times you know they tell me they
expect that you believe that crap it was
the most insane thing I've ever seen and
I didn't here comes the boom you
remember headbutt knee to the face throw
away stomp right
victory dance you know and I that I told
that the backstage camera for here comes
to boom I said this is a true story
somebody told me this technique there's
a lot of those knuckleheads right those
street defense guys they're like fake
karate guy and and you know the worst
part is they say yeah we cannot use it
in the ring because it's way too
dangerous yeah I said well that you can
kill somebody like this she can also not
kill him
Yeah right I mean what yeah right I'm
kind of control that guy to control your
just their techniques are too lethal
boss you don't understand like it's like
dropping a nuclear explosion on you you
know I'm sorry I had the one in spine
chill that yeah I love those videos like
kung fu videos or guys are demonstrating
techniques and how they're gonna work
and have you seen the one where the old
man who's got this class where he throws
like people and then a karate guy note
penguins guy comes in and beats the shit
out beats the shit out of him and then
you see him bleed he see himself he
cannot believe it it doesn't work
he's trying yeah that one guy he does
stick it together goes like this
yeah then he goes oh and he makes his
somersault and he falls on the ground
it's almost like he believed his own
bullshit right what are these guys doing
they're all faking it they know they are
but they're probably it's like mass
hypnosis or mass hysteria
you know like cult behavior they get
locked into believing like I remember
when I was in
my Taekwondo school was not like cultish
in the sense like then nobody had to do
anything crazy that and try to get your
money or get you to leave your family or
anything like that but the devotion that
some people had towards the instructor
was pretty crazy it's a vision and they
didn't exploit it but if someone did
exploit it you could see how they could
get some weak people that would really
fall into it it's it's sort of a
disturbing aspect of martial arts that I
wanted one of things that I really loved
about Brazilian jiu-jitsu was that you
didn't kind of see that you didn't see
like all the bowing was more like
friendly yeah like when I trained with
the Machado's like hey my friend oh you
okay yeah it was much more yeah once
they show you the techniques but they're
very friendly and more more like like
you know they don't try to place
themselves above anyone there's no
master they'll because they don't know
you because they're gonna let you know
that it is really effective right there
and the honor the respect that you get
from them you'll they'll earn it just by
being amazing yeah but but it's because
they're good all the other guys who
preach and talk about it like that
they're not good they suck like every
guy who tells me that he is unbelievable
he never fought yeah it's full of shit
well you know me tell you indeed it's
not it's not possible you never he will
not know if he can do it under pressure
he will not amazing do you know any guys
have told me though that they could
never lose I can never lose man you
don't know I'm I'm I'm Italian I'm in
piloting is choked I'm like an animal
bro I'm a good wife I go blank and then
yeah that's done drop it yeah I go blank
enemies eat anything right that's the
easiest I had ninjas coming into my
class one I I'm not kidding there's a
guy walking in with the stash glasses
and a big belly red blue-blue kimonos
and they came in my engine him in
Holland and he walked in there was six
girls following him it was like a cult
it was the weirdest thing ever later on
we found out he couldn't even like eight
push-ups it was like bizarre and every
time when I would show something they
would say something like one time you
know I had an armbar and this girl says
oh we would bite in the leg you know so
I start slowly but surely I figure I'm
not going to say anything but then you
know it kept going kept going
have somebody in the rear naked choke
and I said explaining and she goes to
somebody else she says we will poke your
eyes out now and I go oh excuse me what
was that and she said we will poke your
eyes out right now I said Wow
let's find out I mean I'm gonna try this
with you is that cool yeah she goes
let's go sit down I said put my arm
around her neck I said okay in three
seconds I'm going to go if you touch my
eye I'm going to break your neck okay
let's go
because whoa whoa whoa what did you say
I said in three seconds we're gonna go I
will count down you come near to my
fucking eye I'm gonna break your neck
okay I should've been there what do you
or what do you mean I say okay did you
know whatever normally when somebody
touches my eye you think I'm gonna go oh
no I'm gonna go just up my eye go fuck
and I'm gonna go and my eye hurts that
face was awesome never never fuck with
somebody who has a dominant position
over you if I have you in an armbar and
you bite my calf guess what's gonna
break at that moment is the most idiot
thing that people actually believe that
if you put a finger of my Ivan 11 life
in that situation I'm gonna let go to
choke ya really you know I'm gonna snap
the neck first then I'm gonna let go to
choke well not only that people don't
understand how quick you go unconscious
like what if someone has a rear naked
choke on you especially if you don't
really know defense you haven't been
choked a lot before you don't know how
to relax you know not oh and do you know
how hard it is to poke and I yes every
heart it's very hard to squeeze my eye I
put my my eye against your the back of
your neck Becky ahead now what you used
to do in bas Rutten is fighting in a
sport
type situation sure well you got rules
see out on the street there are no rules
you know and like I cannot fight without
rules like I can stab I still only I can
do it better more accurate as well I was
I used to just well I do this radio show
I won't name the guy but there was a guy
that they had as their bodyguard and
he's a fucking total bullshit artist and
he was a fucking do with videos doing
nunchucks and shit I don't shoot with
his name Master PO so
uh Opie and Anthony show and we were on
the show once and this I mean I'm fine
you know you do whatever you want but as
soon as you're on the air and
representing you know you I gotta I
gotta tell the truth you're on the
fucking radio now and people are gonna
listen to you and if I let you get away
with some nonsense yeah and yeah you
look stupid and not not me man some
young kid could be listening to that and
they want to start a martial art and
they get sucked into doing a stupid
fucking creats street karate classes
yeah cuz and I go listen it's real
simple the shit that works on trained
killers is the best shit yeah you don't
see Anderson Silva you know practicing
eye pokes and fucking well although I
Polk's are pretty fucking good yes yeah
you don't see him doing the you know a
death touch and fucking you know
pressure point the attacks that shit
doesn't work it doesn't work I said on
camera we had an email from somebody he
said that his master could what point
pressure said they could you know knock
you out I get a great story but it's
also with the mirror anyway I'd looked
in the camera I said okay anybody in
America you're watching right now if you
have a person who kiss who says that he
can knock me out with a punch like just
pressing somewhere we invite him we pay
him we pay his trip he can come on to
show we can do it on camera on me he
could knock me out I said it's a no-lose
situation for me because if it works I'm
signing up to do that stuff but I tell
you it's not gonna work we had this guy
but you know a mirror paresseux you know
most everybody we see these guys on
stage and the the touch guys right yeah
so one guy goes this thick and this was
person assists they just fall back and
then the guy said did you see his eyes
roll back in his skull that means he was
hard for real so I got to him here we go
this is gonna be fun watch this so these
guys they come walking down after the
set I said okay do did to me I want you
to do it to me you wanted me to coach so
you are you sure about that I so do it
to me I I you know I want to know how to
feels and he goes you know what I could
actually I got something better so we
already steered away from it right so he
says let me show you this and he walks
over to his body they
start talking to each other and then he
walks away and in the corner he stands
like this huh like I mean crazy he runs
towards his friend then he goes like
this
fuck in in midair he stops and he flies
on the ground so he threw like kung fu
jeonghan's I didn't touch him doesn't
touch him I go do it I'm sold
do that to me right I'm gonna attack you
right now so I'm going to the corner and
he goes yeah but you have to be really
angry I said excuse me yeah really angry
otherwise it won't work I say your
friend just did it right I say I think I
can better act then your friend don't
worry I'll be in the zone nobody will he
says no no because if you're not real
angry it doesn't work it needs to be
that balance so I know it was this way
out so I walked over to him and I'm
standing like this I say kick me into
pills and he says what I said kick me I
say I'm really fucking pissed he didn't
want to do it needless to say I mean but
they're idiots that truly believe that
is true well it's so easy to take
someone who doesn't know anything like
who's a student and trick them like that
and be a conman like that that's that's
you know what the worst thing is there's
teachers out there they give you a false
sense of security
and then you they teach you how to
defend a knife you know grabbing the
wrist I mean never did I mean this so
dangerous knife is dangerous than a gun
on a short distance at least they teach
him the wrong way and then something
happens on the street somebody pulls a
knife and he goes to his body dude step
back I got it
yeah you know I think a kilt Eddie Bravo
has a crazy story abandon that guy's
fault is this
you